Chore(Qt5.15.2): Migrate linux CI build to Qt5.15 (#9222)
status-im/status-desktop: ci/README.md

## Linux

> In order to build the Linux version of the application we use the ubuntu:18.04 Docker image where we install the Qt 5.15.2 provided by [aqt](https://github.com/miurahr/aqtinstall), linuxdeployqt provided by https://github.com/probonopd/linuxdeployqt and other dependencies (go, cmake, gcc etc.).

Reviewer: Might be worth adding a note as to WHY we are using the ancient `ubuntu:18.04`.

> In order to build the Linux version of the application we use the ubuntu:18.04 Docker image where we install the Qt 5.15.2 provided by [aqt](https://github.com/miurahr/aqtinstall), linuxdeployqt provided by https://github.com/probonopd/linuxdeployqt and other dependencies (go, cmake, gcc etc.). We're using ubuntu 18.04 in order to maintain glibc compatibility with older linux systems.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to build the Linux version of the application we use the ubuntu:18.04 Docker image where we install the Qt 5.15.2 provided by [aqt](https://github.com/miurahr/aqtinstall), linuxdeployqt provided by https://github.com/probonopd/linuxdeployqt and other dependencies (go, cmake, gcc etc.). We're using Ubuntu 18.04 to ensure glibc compatibility with the oldest still-supported LTS release and to comply with linuxdeployqt requirements.
```
